[AI]
My name is Ai Sunakawa.
I'm a college student.
By now, I've gotten used
to living alone in Nagoya.
But recently, when I came
home for a visit, I found
a surprise!
Takeo had himself a girlfriend.
And that girlfriend seems to
be keeping a secret from him...
Now, Takeo has noticed that
something is up.
And, well, he's worried.
(Phone jingles)
Huh?
[RINKO]
Takeo? Have you seen the moon
and the stars tonight?
I'm hoping to see a shooting
star, but nothing yet...
Maybe someday you and I
can go see a meteor shower.
(Beeping)
Yeah.
Good night.
(Beep)
Hm...
Okay. What's going on?
Ever since we started
seeing each other,
I've ended each day feeling
like it was the best day yet.
I don't like knowing you're
worried about something.
I want you to smile at
the end of each day, too.
♪Opening song♪
(Sigh)
Ah.
(School bell tolls)
(Students chatting)
(Low growl)
Mm?
That's a girly
shojo manga.
I'm trying to learn all I
can about how girls think.
Meeting up with your
lady after school?
No... We don't have
any plans for today.
Here ya go! These
are really good.
[BOY 2]
You're gonna cry
like a baby!
[BOY 3]
Have a box of
tissue ready!
Thanks. Appreciate it.
Hmm...
[KURIHARA]
Whoa! Check out the fox!
What's she doing out in
front of our high school?
Maybe she's into
hot younger guys?
Might have to go
down and say hi.
Uh, that's my sister.
HUH?!
(Sigh)
Hm?
(Cell phone rings)
[AI]
Come down here...
without letting Takeo know.
[SUNA]
I'm gonna take
off early.
[BOYS] Huh?
[TAKEO]
'Kay. I'm gonna finish
these before I head home.
[SCHOOLGIRL]
See ya. I'll text you later!
[AI]
Hey there!
Huh?
Oh, hello! Good
to see you two.
Uh, where's Takeo?
Takeo isn't with
us right now.
Oh...
Listen, there's something
I want to ask you.
(Light gasp)
[AI]
Level with me...
You're hiding something
from Takeo, aren't you?
Huh?!
[AI]
He can tell that
something is up.
But he doesn't
know what is. And... well...
it's got him absolutely
worried sick.
He can't stop fretting
about it. Okay?
Takeo's worried...?
Talk to me. You can
get it off your chest.
Trust me, I won't tell him!
[SUNA]
Oh yes, you will.
Look, all I really want
is for Takeo to be happy!
I can't stand the thought
of him being so sad!
(Gasp and whimper)
Yeah, I know.
You're right.
Takeo's such a good
person, isn't he?
And I'm... Well, I...
(Whimpering)
Mm.
I'm not... not the
pure innocent girl
that he thinks I am!
(LOUD SCREAM)
What do you mean?
[RINKO]
He... he has
really nice skin.
Huh?
Yes, he does.
He goes to bed and
wakes up early.
So his skin is
in good shape.
And his sideburns
and those eyebrows...
They do something for me.
Yeah, I know. They're
wild, aren't they?
And those broad
shoulders of his..
And... and his
big chest...
He is just covered in
muscles. He's so husky!
And... and his big,
soft lips...
Totally! You don't see
lips like that very often
except for movie stars!
His hands are so huge.
It makes my heart race!
Yeah I know!
It's so freaking sexy!
But Takeo told me...
he won't lay a
finger on me.
That he won't touch me.
Hm?!
[RINKO]
Takeo seems to think of me
as so pure and nice and sweet.
But it's just...
It's just not true!
(Crying)
I want to...
I want to... to hold
hands and cuddle...
I want to get
close to him.
[RINKO]
When I'm with Takeo, I
think about that stuff.
I want to do more.
But I can't tell him that!
Cause then it'd ruin
how he feels for me!
And I'd just... I'd just
end up pushing him away.
(Crying)
[TAKEO, FLASHBACK]
Even if that were the case,
I don't care.
The only problem I have
is seeing that she might
be hurting inside.
Mm. What are you
talking about?!
Huh?!
You know as
well as I do,
Takeo isn't that
much of a wuss!
He's not the type to run away
from someone because of that!
He's the type of guy
who will do everything
he can to be with someone!
Sure, he can be a little
dense and naive...
so it's easy to get the
wrong idea about him.
Look, Takeo told me himself
that he doesn't really know
what it is that's bothering you.
But he also said that
if you'd just tell him,
then he'd help you!
Uh!
I think, uh...
I think I'm gonna go over
to Takeo's house right now!
Just talk to him!
It's gonna be fine!
Thank you so much
for talking to me!
You're like a sister
or something!
(Light gasp)
(Giggle)
Oof!
Okay, so she's a
nice girl, isn't she?
They're good
for each other.
I'm happy for you... Takeo.
So, how was it YOU
fell for him, anyway?
(Sigh)
You remember when
we were kids, the
Growing Child Statue,
in the elementary
school courtyard?
[SUNA]
Oh, yeah, that really
creepy-looking thing.
[AI]
Yeah, well, because I was tall
and gangly, like the statue,
the boys would say
that it was me.
And it came with a bunch of
teasing and nicknames of course.
It didn't do much for an awkward
girl with no self-confidence.
(Store jingles)
But one day, out of the blue,
Takeo said something.
And it stuck with me.
Hey there. You done
with your practice?
Uh-huh.
You want half of this?
It'll cool you off.
UH-HUH!
Hm?
That kinda reminds
me of you, Sis.
Yeah, the
Gawky Statue, huh?
No.
Huh?
Those flowers in front
of that window.
I'm not sure what
they're called, but...
they look just like you.
Huh...?
You mean... those
remind you of me?
Mm-hmm!
[YOUNG AI]
Huh...
Really? That's it?
Grr! Yes, that's it!
It might not be
anything special to you,
but it meant
something to me!
No wonder you
can't get a girl!
Did you ever tell him
how you felt or anything?
AH! Of course,
I never told him!
That would
never work out!
He is three years
younger than me!
That would be gross!
What people would think?!
Ugh! I thought I could wait!
And I never figured
he'd ever get some
other girlfriend anyway!
Well, why not?
He's a really good guy.
I know! But I thought he'd
at least be in college
before anyone realized it!
(Heaving and crying)
Well, guess what...
Even if there is an age
difference between you two.
He wouldn't be the type to care.
(Comforted sigh)
(Big inhale)
[AI]
Let's go home.
♪♪
(Growling and struggling)
(Agitated meow)
URGH! Gotcha!
(Furious meowing)
(Growling)
[AI]
What are you doing, Takeo?
Oh, hey, guys.
This little fella was
stuck up in this tree.
Say, uh... Yamato was
headed to your house.
Huh?
[SUNA]
And she was crying.
UH!
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato...
...crying?! HUH?!
Hmph!
Here ya go.
(Grunting)
(MEOW)
All that time... I was
hiding how I felt about him.
And it took a lot
of effort to do so.
I guess I should've put
all that effort elsewhere.
Telling him what
he meant to me.
[AI]
Maybe if I had told him...
maybe he'd run like that
to please me.
I'm sure he would.
(Sigh)
(Pout)
I am so super
jealous right now!
I mean how much dumb
luck is that, huh?!
You're so lucky! You're a guy!
You can just be friends
with him forever!
UGH! OH MY GOD!
(Crying)
(MEOW)
(Heavy breathing)
[TAKEO]
I can run really fast.
Even though I was
on the judo team,
I constantly out-ran the track,
soccer, and basketball teams
and took first place
in the middle school marathon.
Plus, I have stamina.
I can run all day.
I can run as far as it takes.
Huh!
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato!
Huh?
(Panting)
Uh, Takeo...?
(Heavy breathing)
I saw Suna. He told
me you were crying.
Oh!
[TAKEO]
I see you stopped.
(Inhale)
Takeo, did you run
all the way here?
(Affirmative grunt)
(CLACK)
[TAKEO]
Look, I know that something's
been on your mind.
(Light gasp)
Now. I want you
to tell me.
Just lay it
all out there!
Ah!
No matter what it is,
I can take it.
(Rinko gasps)
[TAKEO]
I need you to smile!
I can't be happy
unless you're happy!
Takeo, I...
I want... I want to, uh...
hold hands with you!
And well...
Sometimes... I want to
snuggle... and stuff.
I'm sorry...
but I'm not the innocent,
pure-hearted girl that
you think I am.
(Grunting)
(Loud heartbeat)
(Twinkling)
Is there anything
else you want?
(Light gasp)
I... I guess, I...
wanna go for a walk.
♪Orchestral music♪
(Awkward grunting)
Mm! Ah!
(Nervous)
You, uh, want to
go to the park?
Sounds good.
(Birds cawing)
(Laugh)
I can't believe
how nervous I am...
my hands are
sweating like crazy.
Yeah, me too.
So, uh...
(Clears throat)
So, does this mean,
if I wanna hold your hand,
then I can just do it?
Yes.
So we can do it
all the time, then?
Mm-hmm.
[AI]
She seems nice.
(Light gasp)
Very nice!
Okay, Takeo, what is it
YOU like about Rinko Yamato?
How pure-hearted
she is.
(Sigh)
Huh?
Takeo... I have
to tell you.
Remember the day
after we first met
when I showed up at your
house all of a sudden?
I said I got your address
from the station attendant.
That was a lie.
I could tell where you went
to school by your uniform.
So, I sorta went up there
and started asking around.
Huh?
And, well... do you
remember how I forgot
my phone in your room?
Yeah, that wasn't
an accident.
You did it on purpose?
I just wanted to make sure
that I got to see you again.
And I guess that was the best
thing I could come up with.
Oh...
Takeo, I know you think I'm
good and nice and pure, but..
but... I'm not.
[TAKEO]
No way. I had no idea.
I can't believe you went
through all that trouble
just to see me again.
(Whimper)
[TAKEO]
Thank you.
Huh?!
I'm glad you did.
(Light gasp)
Takeo.
I've been so afraid
that you'd end up hating me
once you found
out the truth.
I thought you'd never
want to see me again.
I'm sorry.
Huh?
When I was in that
burning building,
I made a promise to myself.
I swore I'd never
make you cry again.
And yet, here you are...
Oh, no! I'm crying
because I'm happy!
These are tears of joy!
They don't count!
Huh?
(Giggle)
Long as your day
ends with a smile.
Why, yes... it will...
from ear to ear.
(Laugh)
Ms. Yamato...
...is happy.
And well... so am I.
[SUNA]
Are you sure you're
okay with this?
Yeah.
You know you can stay
for awhile if you like.
No, I think this
is for the best.
Now that I know Takeo
is going to be okay.
Besides, I think he'd be
able to see it on my face.
(DING)
(Horn blows)
Ah!
(Gasp)
(Gleeful gasp)
(Sigh)
[RINKO]
Takeo, the sky is
really beautiful tonight!
I got to see a shooting
star! My first ever!
And I was thinking of you.
So, I made a wish that we
could be together forever.
It went by so fast.
I hope I got my wish
out in time.
(Beeping)
[TAKEO]
I think you did. ,/
Sleep well, Ms. Yamato.
(Heavy footsteps)
(Door opens)
Suna, I'm coming in!
(Ominous note)
I've got a favor to ask.
What is it?
I need to kiss you.
(Winds howl)
Huh...?
Today, Ms. Yamato and I
held each others hands...
And I was really
terrible at it.
[SUNA]
How can you mess up
holding hands?
That is not important.
But I want to make
certain that when we kiss...
that I don't screw
that up, too.
I want to
practice on you.
Uh, why don't you
use a pillow?
I ALREADY DID! ,/
There's just something
not right about it!
I need a real person!
Find someone else, dude.
What?! That would be
completely disrespectful!
Uh!
I know you're good
at keeping secrets.
You're the only
person I know I
can trust with this!
Stop it, man, you're
grossing me out. Ah!
You'll be fine. I
brought some protection.
You need to get
away from me.
With this between us,
there won't be a problem!
There's gonna be
a huge problem if-
Mphh!
I've already made up
my mind about this!
Now be a man
and kiss me!
Takeo, I'm having a little
trouble breathing here!
(Low groan)
(Struggling)
(Muffled screams)
Mmmmmmwhuuooh...
(Horrified scream)
(Juicy pucker)
(Whimpering yelp)
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato, don't you
worry about a thing.
I will be the kind of man
you can depend on.
So, tomorrow and
every day after that,
you can go to
sleep with a smile!
(Giggle)
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Strength.